hi I'm Ashley James and i'm here with
fashtag on London's fashionable Carnaby
Street for the switch-on of their
Christmas lights to mark the event all
the stores here offering twenty percent
off for their shoppers and canopy have
challenged me to find an entire outfit
including shoes accessories the lot with
just 100 pounds the lights are being
turned on at six pm and that marks the
start of my challenge and let you can't
wait
you
i'm here at levis let's go see you I can
spend my money on
I love everything that's in stuart
Levi's I'm definitely going to come back
for my Christmas shopping but
unfortunately it's slightly above my
budget so let's move on
I think this is quite cool maybe with
like black jeans and it's only 15 pounds
with twenty percent off a bargain I like
monkey I love is there 18 pounds I could
get like two outfits in here this is
almost like too big a clutch kind of
swag on Impractical okay I thought mix
in monkey what I love about it is
you can wear it as a blazer in the
daytime but you can also error is a
dress and the evening it's very wintry
and Christmasy because of all their
embellishments you can probably tell
from my style I love sequin
embellishment but also they're very
festive now I've got the top / dress I
am going to go try and find some shoes
and then an accessory to probably a nice
big necklace and some high black shoes
it did sent me back 40 pounds but it
would have been 50 pounds let's discuss
but I'm optimistic i can find something
with the remaining 60 pounds let's go
they could be quite cool because they're
good for daytime but I reckon they'd
look white corn
but their 85 so I've got 60 pounds left
these shoes are 72 pounds but returned
it sent off that is really putting my
maps to test 1440 so I could go through
these and I like them because you can
run in the day with jeans as a blazer or
you can render tights and the evening
and I think they'd look quite cool my
only worry is I be fun to be at queen
tier but they are in budget so I'm going
to keep a hold of them but continue to
browse ideally I'd want some like chunky
shoes but i don't think i have the
budget for them I think these are the
shoes I'm gonna buy however with 60
pounds left I will have two pounds left
to find and accessory or some tights but
I'll curse that bridge when I come to it
I'm going to get these I've only got two
pound for Taylor so let's see what we
can find with accessories not gonna lie
I didn't get any accessories I had to
pound 40 left it's very cold and it's
Christmas so I got myself a starbucks
coffee his let's be honest the top thigh
chose it's got embellishment on to don't
really need an accessory and black
tights everyone's already got baptized
i'm wearing black tights answer don't
need those so I'm just going to warm up
and enjoy my starbucks coffee and I
still have 15 pence left bargain
I've just gone back to fashion hike HQ
to get into my outfit and as I say I
think I did a pretty good job and I got
coffee and I got 15 p change and yeah I
think I definitely wear this for evening
reading for the daytime if I had like
your work Christmas meal or anything
kind of festive if any of you guys want
me to go shopping for you with other
plans let me know he's okay let me know
what you guys think of my outfit in the
comments below and don't forget to
subscribe fashtag and i suppose i should
say Merry Christmas hi my name's Maria
and i'm here on Carnaby Street it's
pretty fantastic it's got a really good
vibe of value today and it doesn't hurt
this twenty percent off which makes it
all the sweeter I bought some really
good bargains tonight I've had a look
around but the shop that's really caught
my eye is lazy oh it's got some really
good Looney tune stuff going on at the
moment so if you're into sort of out
there crazy designs it's definitely the
place to go for Carnaby Street is
definitely fulfilling all of my wishes
for all of the fashion right now at the
moment hi I'm Danny I'm here at Carnaby
Street and its twenty percent off and
just came out benefit and earlier on
went to irregular choice and put these
absolutely amazing shoes to be honest I
don't know where I'm going to wear them
oh I'm gonna wear them with because
they're really cool and funky and I
don't know if I owned anything as cool
and funky as the shoes so might need to
go shopping to some other stuff hi I'm
Lauren I'm done in Carnaby Street we
came to enjoy the Christmas lights the
amazing Robins we've popped into a
couple of shops like David and Goliath
and then we've interacted choice and
there was twenty percent off so I bought
shoes I didn't really need because they
were so beautiful I'm hoping to try and
smuggle them to work I i work in charity
so i'm kind of loud to where I want so I
think I'll wear them everyday hi my name
is reka and I was no
and we're here for Carnaby Street twenty
percent are it's a man we've just four
loads of stuff so we're going to show
you what we've got some amazing shoes I
went to mom ki and I gaga apparel share
with a leather collar be cool and more i
freed African each other